1. After the {shareLinkCopied} we'll add a div and inside the div we'll add two divs , one for the map and one for the information. and then we give all of them tailwind classes, we want to make the divs responsive, so for the md sized screens and above we want the two divs to be next to each other and in mobile screen we want the divs to be on top of each other.

2. inside the first child div we'll add a paragraph and display the `listing description` and if there is an `offer` show the `offer price` else show the `regular price` using `conditional operators` and also we'll use `regular expression` to show the comma in the appropriate location for dollar currency. Then we'll style the paragraph using tailwind classes. in the paragraph next we'll say if the `{listing.type === "rent" ? " / month" : "" }  ` = if the listing type is rent then we wanna return per month otherwise we'll return empty string.

3. we wanna display a map icon with the address after it inside this first div after our paragraph. so we'll go to react icon website and fetch the map icon and import it inside our Listing.jsx . we import it import { FaMapMarkerAlt } from "react-icons/fa"; this icon is from font awesome. after the <p> related to price we add another <p> for the address and inside this paragraph we'll have the map icon and address.

4. we'll have a <div> after the <p> and inside this div we'll have two <p> . the first <p> will have  `{listing.type === "rent" ? "Rent" : "Sale"}` so we'll make it dynamic based on the type of the listing. then for the next <p> we'll make it dynamic so we say only show this paragraph when `{listing.offer &&(<p>${listing.regularPrice - listing.discountedPrice}</p>)}` .

5. again inside the first child div we'll make another <p> for the description.

6. next we we'll make the part that has the icons of beds baths parking and furnished. so we're still in the first child div and then after our above <p> we're going to add an <ul> and inside it we'll create four <li> for `beds` `baths` `parking` `furnished` . Then we'll go to `React icons` and search for `bed` and get this one `FaBed` and for `bath` we get this icon `FaBath`. for `parking` we import `FaParking` and for `furniture` we import `FaChair` . using ternary operators we say if the units are having parkings and furnished.

git add.
git commit -m "Add the listing info to the listing page"
git push