1. 

a. In this section we're going to create a button `SELL OR RENT YOUR HOME` and when we click on it we'll be redirected to a page called `/create-listing` and here we can create our listing.

b. We'll create this button first in `Profile.jsx` , so after the closing tag of the form `</form>` we'll add a `<button>` and the type will be `submit` and inside this button we'll write `Sell or rent you home` and lets put an image before this text, so we go to google and search for react icons and we just get a react icons link which is in github, and search for `home` and the one we'll use is `FcHome` so before the text put this icon `<FcHome />` and you need to import it aswell so go on the top and `import {FcHome} from "react-icons/fc"`.
Another thing we need to consider is when we click on this button we wanna be redirected to the `create-listing` page. so we need to wrap `<FcHome/>` and `Sell or rent your home` inside a `<Link to="/create-listing">` tag.
Now lets style the `<button className="w-full bg-blue-600 text-white uppercase px-7 py-3 text-sm font-medium rounded shadow-md hover:bg-blue-700 transition duration-150 ease-in-out hover:shadow-lg active:bg-blue-800">` . Now to bring the Home icon and the text sell your home... inside the button next to each other give a className to link this way `<Link className="flex justify-center items-center">` `justify-center` will center the items horizontally on the x-axis and `items-center` will center then on vertically or the y axis.
Now lets style the home icon, `<FcHome className="mr-2 text-3xl bg-red-200 rounded-full p-1 border-2" />` `mr-2` = margin right to give some spacing between the home icon and the text, `text-3xl` = to increase the size of the home icon, `p-1` = padding so that we can have some space between the circle and the icon inside the circle, `border-2` = to add some border to the circle

2. 

a. Now we'll create the `CreateListing.jsx` in the `pages` folder and we `rfc` into it. Then we go to `app.js` and create a `route` for `create-listing`, so after `offer` route we put this `<Route path='/create-listing' element={<CreateListing />} />` . Now inside the `createListing.jsx` we change the `div` tag to `main` tag and inside of it we'll create `h1` tag, like this and we'll style it also so we'll give it a className `<h1 className="text-3xl text-center mt-6 font-bold">Create a Listing</h1>` .

b. Then inside of the `main` tag after the `h1` tag we'll create a `form` tag and give it a `p` and inside of the `p` we write `Sell / Rent` . Then we give the main tag a class `<main className="max-w-md px-2 mx-auto">` , `mx-auto` = margin x auto brings the content to the middle of the page. Now lets style the `sell and rent` so we'll give a class to the `p className="text-lg mt-6 font-semibold"` . after the `p` tag we'll create a `div` tag and inside of the `div` we'll create a `<button type="button" id="type" value="sale" onClick={onChange}> sell </button> ` `id=type` because the type will be sell or rent , `onClick={onChange}` the onClick will trigger a function called onChange because we wanna track the changes in the button. Then we'll create a function at the top and call it `const onChange=()=>{}` . Then we'll style the button with tailwind classes `<button className={`px-7 py-3 font-medium text-sm uppercase shadow-md rounded hover:shadow-lg focus:shadow-lg active:shadow-lg transition duration-150 ease-in-out w-full`}>`. Then we'll create a `useState` hook to dynamically change the color of the `sell` and `rent` button based on which one of them is clicked.
so on the top we create the hook 
```
{
const [formData, setFormData] = useState({
    type: "rent", //initially rent will be active
});
//then we need to destructure it to use the value
const {type} = formData 
}
```

then we'll dynamically change the button color `<button className={` mr-3 px-7 py-3 font-medium text-sm uppercase shadow-md rounded hover:shadow-lg focus:shadow-lg active:shadow-lg transition duration-150 ease-in-out w-full
${type === 'rent' ? "bg-white text-black" : "bg-slate-600 text-white"}`}>`
we used conditional rendering here to change the color of the button based on the selected button .
later we'll use our `onChange()` to change it dynamically.
Now we need to copy this button by selecting it and then press `alt+shift+arrow down` to copy it.
lets bring them next to each other by giving their parent `<div className="flex">` a tailwind class. `flex` = brings both the buttons next to each other. and for the first button we'll give it a `mr-3` margin right of 3 to seperate them and for the second button `ml-3` = margin left 3. And name the second button `rent` and its type as `sale` . But we wont be able to change their colors at this time because the `onChange` function is not complete yet. Lets complete the form then we'll complete the functionality of `onChange()` 

c. Now lets add the name input. so after the ending tag of `</div>` that houses the `<button>` we just create a `<p className="text-lg mt-6 font-semibold">` and it says `Name` for the title and give the `p` a tailwind class. After the `<p>` we add the `<input type="text" id="name" value={name} onChange={onChange} placeholder="Name" maxLength="32" minLength="10" required className="w-full px-4 py-2 text-xl text-gray-700 bg-white border border-gray-300 rounded transition duration-150 ease-in-out focus:text-gray-700 focus:bg-white focus:border-slate-600 mb-6">` value="name" is not defined so in our `formData` useState hook we add `name:""` to be empty string, and then we destructure the `formData` and add `name` , we also add `onChange` to track the changes in the input field, then we add the `placeholder` for the input, for the placeholder we dont want the `maxLength` to be more than 32, and the `minLength` to not be less than 10, and make it `required` so that without this data you cannot submit the form. Then lets style it , so we'll add the tailwind class.

d. Now we'll go to the next section that is `Beds` and `Baths` . So after the input self closing tag /> , we create a `<div className="flex">` and give it a tailwind class, and inside of this parent `div` we'll house two `divs` , what we'll do is first we'll give the first `div` and then copy and paste it for the second `div` . we'll give a tailwind class for the first child `<div className="">` and put a `<p className="text-lg font-semibold">` with text `Beds`  inside it and give the `p` a tailwind class. Then we'll give it an input `<input type="number" id="bedrooms" value={bedrooms} onChange={onChange} min="1" max="50" required className="w-full px-4 py-2 text-xl text-gray-700 bg-white border border-gray-300 rounded transition duration-150 ease-in-out focus:text-gray-700 focus:bg-white focus:border-slate-600 text-center">` this value we'll define at top inside our `formData` hook like this `bedrooms: 1,` and we can also give another as `bathrooms: 1,` and then we need to destructure it also inside `const{type,name,bedrooms,bathrooms} = formData;` so now we can use both of them. Lets go back to the `input` and we add `onChange={onChange}` so we can track the changes , we add `min="1"` and `max="50"` and we say `required` and we add a tailwind class to this input. Now we can grab this and paste it for the `baths` input. so select the div that has `beds` and press `alt+shift+arrow down` to copy it down. And change `beds` to `baths` change its id to `id="bathrooms"` `value={bathrooms}` . Now we wanna bring them next to each other. we give the parent `<div className="flex space-x-6 mb-6">` tailwind class as `flex` to bring them next to each other.

e. Next two fields we've are `Parking spot` and `Furnished` and as you can see these two fields are similar to `sell/rent` so we'll copy paste sell/rent two times and then edit them. we paste them before the ending `</form>` tag. Then we need to add `parking` and `furnished` to the formData , the `parking` is true and false so we'll make the default as `false` and same for the furnished then we also destructure them below. Then we'll change their titles the first one to `Parking Spots` and the second one to `Furnished`. for the `parking` make the id as `id="parking"` and value={true} and the text as `Yes` . Then we use a ternary operator and say `${!parking ? "bg-white text-black" : "bg-slate-600 text-white"}`} > ` . 
For the next one we'll make the `id="parking" value={false} and the ternary operator as ${parking ? ...}` and the text as `no` .

f. For the next one we make the title as `furnished` `id="furnished"` `value={true}` the text as `yes` and the ternary as `${!furnished...}` then the next button the id as `furnished` `id="furnished"` `value={false}` the text as `no` and the ternary as `${furnished...}`

h. For the next part we've two fields `Address` and `Description` which have text boxes. And they both are very similar to the `Name` field that we created on the top. So we copy the `name` field and paste it two times before the closing form tag `</Form>` . Then we change the name to be `Address` and the other one to be `Description` . And instead of putting them in `<input>` we change the tag to be `<textarea>` . and the `id="address"` and `value={address}` `placeholder='Address' ` remove `maxLength="32" minLength="10"` . Now we've the `address` we can create the `description` because they're very similar. so copy and paste the address code, make the same changing as we did for the `address` to the `description`. Then we go to the top and add these two inside the `formData` useState hook `address: "", description: "",` and also destructure them `const {type,name,bedrooms,bathrooms,parking,furnished,address, description} = formData;` like the rest of them. Then inside the `description` inside the `p` tag we remove `mt-6` to bring them closer to each other.

i. Next lets continue for the `offer` we can see the styling shares similarity with `parking spots` and `furnished` . so we copy and paste the code. We paste it before the closing form tag `</Form>` . Then in the `p` tag we delete the `mt-6` . Change the name to `Offer` , in the `div` containing the two buttons we add `mb-6` , id is `offer` , and then change these two lines `${!offer ?` `${offer ?` , we need to define `offer: false` at the top in our `formData` useState hook and destructure it like the rest of them.

j. Next we've our `Regular` price field. so before the ending `</form>` tag , we need to create them. So we create a parent `div` and inside it a child `div` and this child `div` will have two children a `p` and another `div` the `p` will have the title `Regular price` and we'll style it `text-lg font-semibold` and the `div className='w-full px-4 py-2 text-xl text-gray-700 bg-white border border-gray-300 rounded transition duration-150 ease-in-out focus:text-gray-700 focus:bg-white focus:border-slate-600text-center'` will have the input box. The input box will have these properties `type="number" id="regularPrice" value={regularPrice} onChange={onChange} min="50" max="400000000" required` and regarding the value={regularPrice} we'll add it to the `formData` useState hook and destructure it on the top.
Then after the `input` we'll have a condition, 
```
{
{type === "rent" && (
    <div className="">
    <p className="text-md w-full whitespace-nowrap"> $ / Month</p>
    </div>
)}
}
```

= if the type is equal to rent which is truthy and we wanna have another `div className=''` with a `p` saying `<p className='text-md w-full whitespace-nowrap'>$ / Month</p>` 
check the above for the styling.
Now we wanna bring the `number box` and the text `$ / Month` next to each other so on the top `div` which is covering both of them we give the tailwind class `<div className="flex w-full justify-center items-center space-x-6">` Now you can see them next to each other, `space-x-6` to give some space betwen them. Then for the very top `div className="flex items-center mb-6"` we give some classes.

k. The next one is `discounted price` . so lets copy the `Regular` price code and paste it , but we paste it inside a conditional rendering `{offer &&(our above code here, we'll make some changes here)}` , but the `offer` wont be shown , because if you go on top you can see `offer:false` , make it `true` and it'll be shown, so we'll style this `offer` and then bring it back to `false` as its false by default. Now lets add the `discountedPrice:0` to the `formData` and destructure it aswell.
Then lets edit it, the name will be `Discounted price` , `id=discountedPrice` , `value={discountedPrice}` , `required={offer}` so its required if the offer is true. Now lets test it, so in `formData` i'll change the type to `sale` instead of rent and we see the dollar / month dissapear, and if the `offer` is `false` the offer field disappears.

l. The next section is for the final field that is `Images` , so before the closing `</form>` tag , we add a `<div className="mb-6">` and inside the div a `<p className="text-lg font-semibold">` and in the p we write the text as `Images`  and we add another `<p className="text-gray-600">` with text `The first image will be the cover (max 6)` after this we add `input` with `type="file"` `id="images"` `onChange={onChange}` `accept=".jpg,.png,.jpeg"` = we accept the following image types, `multiple` = we accept multiple images , `required` = this is required without it you cannot move forward . we add a tailwind class to `<input className="w-full px-3 py-1.5 text-gray-700 bg-white border border-gray-300 rounded transition duration-150 ease-in-out focus:bg-white focus:borer-slate-600">`

m. The last thing we gonna add is the submit `create listing` button. so before the ending tag of `<form>` we add a `<button className="mb-6 w-full px-7 py-3 bg-blue-600 text-white font-medium text-sm uppercase rounded shadow-md hover:bg-blue-700 hover:shadow-lg
focus:bg-blue-700 focus:shadow-lg  active:bg-blue-800 active:shadow-lg transition duration-150 ease-in-out">` with `submit` .

lets add it to GITHUB
git add . = git add all
git commit -m "created listings page UI"  
git push