In the last section we've completed the create listing page. In this section we're going to add My listings to the profile page. So what we'll have is that when we go to Profile , under the Sell or Rent your Home button we'll have all our listings that we uploaded being displayed. And you'll be having the ability to edit or delete the listing.
What we'll do is, first we'll create a single listing, then we'll loop through the listings that we've and we're gonna fetch them from the database and show them all in one page as we upload newer listings using map method.
The only thing that i forgot last time , if you go to firestore database you can see in the collection that we've the address longitude latitude etc except for the person who created the listing, so if we dont know who created the listing we cannot loop through the listing of that particular person so we go to our const formDataCopy and add this `userRef: auth.currentUser.uid,`

a. Now we go to `Profile.jsx` and before the return statement we add `useEffect` hook. 
```
{
    
      useEffect(() => {
      const fetchUserListings = async () => {
        const listingRef = collection(db, "listings");
        const q = query(
          listingRef,
          where("userRef", "==", auth.currentUser.uid),
          orderBy("timestamp", "desc")
        );
        const querySnap = await getDocs(q);
        let listings = [];
        querySnap.forEach((doc) => {
          listings.push({
            id: doc.id,
            data: doc.data(),
          });
        });
        setListings(listings);
        setLoading(false);
      };
    
      fetchUserListings();
    }, [auth.currentUser.uid]);

}
```

{/*
1. This use Effect is going to call a function, and we'll have dependencies array as an empty array which means just one time load the function inside the useEffect. so when the page is loaded call this function once.
2. Then we'll create a async function and we'll call it `fetchUserListings(){}` and we'll call it aswell.
3. We'll create a reference which is like an address `const listingRef = collection(db, "listings")` , and give it collection as value which is coming from firebase/firestore and the collection has (db,"listings") and the collection name ("listings")
4. Then we'll have the listings that the person created so we need to make a query , we create a query and call it `const q=query(listingRef, where("userRef", "==", auth.currentUser.uid))` and we can use the query method from firestore , and we need to get a few things, the first thing we wanna get is `listingRef` and we wanna say where we wanna get that from,  so we add `where` which is also coming from firestore, we wanna have the `"userRef"` that we added to the listings and it should be equal "`==`" to the `auth.currentUser.uid`
5. Then we wanna sort them so after `const q=query(listingRef, where("userRef", "==", auth.currentUser.uid), orderBy("timestamp", "desc"))` we add `orderBy("timestamp", "desc")` orderBy is coming from firestore , we are ordering them using timestamp and in descending order so that the new one comes first.
6. After the query we can use `getDocs` to get the documents. so we create a variable `const querySnap = await getDocs(q); ` to get the snapshot, and getDocs is coming from firestore aswell. and to getDocs we can pass the query that we created `getDocs(q)`
7. Now we can create a variable called listings `let listings = [] ;` and we'll give it a value of an empty array. and we can loop through this `const querySnap` and add the listing data to this listing variable.
8. so we loop through the `const querySnap` using `forEach` method `querySnap.forEach((doc)=>{return listings.push({id: doc.id, data: doc.data(),})})` forEach method is going to give us each document that is fetched and we can just return that listings and when we push each object we wanna get the id which is coming from doc.id and also we wanna get the data which is equal to doc.data()
9. Now we can put them inside a hook, so we need to create a hook at the top and we call it `const [listings, setListings] = useState(null);` and give it an initial value of null.
10. and we create another hook for loading `const [loading, setLoading] = useState(true);`
11. then we go back to our useState hook and after the line `data: doc.data()` we paste these two lines `setListings(listings);` and after that `setLoading(false);`
12. Then we add `[auth.currentUser.uid]` in the dependencies array. so now each time a new person logs in the useEffect is going to be triggered and the new data is going to be fetched.
*/}


b. Now we can start creating the UI. So w'll add the title and loop through the listings piece of state. so after the `</section>` closing section tag, we just create a `<div>` and inside it we say

```
{

  <div>
      {!loading && listings.length > 0 && (
        <>
        <h2 className='text-2xl text-center font-semibold'>My Listings</h2>
        <ul>
          {listings.map((listing)=>{
            <ListingItem />
          })}
        </ul>
        </>
      )}
    </div>

}
```

{/* 

1. if the loading is false or when the loading ends, then we wanna see the section and the second condition which should be satisfied is the listings should be more than 0, then we wanna return react fragments and inside the fragments we put a h2 tag that says My Listings
2. But still your listings wont be shown, so you need to go to Firebase Database and indexes,  enter the collection id as "listings", fields as "userRef Ascending" "timestamp Descending" queryscope as "collection", This could take a while. so we'll continue styling our website.
3. we style or My Listings heading with tailwind classes.
4. we make an unordered list and we wanna loop through the list , so we just say `{listings.map(listing)} => <ListingItem />` = the listings hook that we have and we use .map method and this is going to give us each `listing` and then we can just return `=>` a component , and we will call it `<ListingItem />` and we need to create it , so inside the `components` folder we'll create `ListingItem.jsx` .

*/}


c. we rfc into the `ListingItem.jsx` and we get the react functional component.

```

{

from here i'll not write the code, just the comments about where the code can be found.
Right away after the closing </section> tag in Profile.jsx


}

```

{/*
1. in the function parameter i wanna get just two things (({listing, id})) and i wanna return inside the div {listing.name}
2. These props that we created we'll pass them inside our <ListingItem/> component in Profile.jsx
3. In the <ListingItem key={listing.id} id={listing.id} listing={listing.data} /> component we need a key firstly which is gonna be listing.id, and also i wanna pass id so its gonna be id={listing.id}, and also listing={listing.data} . And we need to import ListingItem component so we press ctrl+space while clicking on the component.
4. I was not getting the `My Listings` header and i tried to debug the code and i found out that the useEffect hook was inside the onSubmit function.
5. Lastly we add some tailwind class to the main div

*/}

we add the changes to github
git add .
git commit -m "add my listings section to the profile page and create the listing item component"
git push