to download an icon which shows on the tab of the browser, you can get an icon from favicon.io or similar website and after you download the icon just copy the file called favicon.ico to the public folder.

search tailwind css react and install tailwind css into your project using npm package manager.
after installing tailwind css, we need to initialize it, you can find the documentation in their website for the usage.
copy these lines to index.css @tailwind base; @tailwind components; @tailwind utilities;
then we go to index.js file and we can style our elements eg : function App() { return ( <> Hello World! ); } this increases the text size. 

 some extensions that were installed along the way ES7+ React/Redux/React-Native snippets - this is helpful when you want to create a lot of components and which involves a lot of typing to setup the component, instead you can type rfc and your component basic structure is ready. also installed Code Spell Checker. Prettier - Code formatter , as soon as you save the code, you code will be structured nicely. Tailwind CSS Intellisense, this will for eg: suggest you the colors, you dont have to remember all the classes of tailwind css you just need to write few letters and it will suggest you. 
 
  we need to add our project to a github repository, so we do that in vscode, first we download and install git in c drive , then after installing we go to vscode>>file>>prefrences>>settings and search for git executable, it will show it in settings.json , open settings.json and add the line "git.path": "C:/Git/git-cmd.exe" after that in terminal type git init, which initializes git repository and then git add . which adds all our files to the repository. 8. then we'll create a message using git commands, git commit -m "install reactjs and tailwind css and create the first template" , here m is the message and we need to write the message which states, what we have accomplished in the project during that period. 9. after that we need to create a repository in github.com we'll call it , realtor-clone git remote add origin https://github.com/o171b/realtor-clone-react.git , we'll push our repository from vscode command line. git branch -M main git push -u origin main then go to github and refresh and you'll see the uploaded files. 10. then you can click on commits to see what you've added and what code you've deleted